0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
Ans. This is a word invented by president of National Puzzler's League for the disease known as silicosis. 
     Silicosis is a form of occupational lung disease caused by inhalation of crystalline silica dust, 
     and is marked by inflammation and scarring in the form of nodular lesions in the upper lobes of the lungs.
     It is a type of pneumoconiosis.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
Ans. Get resource usage is the function of getrusage function. In this particular program it is returning resource 
     usage statistics for dictionary loading/unloading process. In this case it returns sum of resources used by all 
     threads in the process.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
Ans. 2 struct timeval and 14 long.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate,
    even though we’re not changing their contents?
Ans.  According to the declaration of getrusage, getrusage takes int who and struct rusage *usage as arguments. So, we 
      must pass the pointers to before and after to getrusage function.
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file.
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
Ans. After loading a textfile and a dictionary, main() function starts reading a text symbol-by-symbol, 
     with a goal of constructing separate words. A word is completed when one or more alphabetic symbols are read, 
     and we encounted a non-alphanumeric character (like spacebar, or newline). Then we check our word for misspellings,
     reset the word index to zero, and continue the symbol reading loop. If we encounter a digit, 
     or a string tends to be too long, we traverse this word in the text, but we won't check it for misspellings.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format 
    string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf 
    alone?
Ans. There are several problems with fscanf - first, you must allocate a memory for a string before reading it from 
     file, and there are no limits of a length of a word in a text file. Also you can't write program logic for 
     skipping alphanumeric words, like this implementation of speller has. Overall, this approach gives us much less 
     flexibility.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
Ans. The parameters passed into these functions shold not be modified in any case. So, to force this we passed const 
     char* as we cannot modify the contents of const char.